INTRO
    I have officially started my second assigment. I plan on learning the tool React as I have recently been elected an executive position in a society 
where I will need to work with websites.

Beginning of WEEK 1
    My plan is to spend this first week finding tutorials and courses online whether on udemy or youtube to first learn the basics.

Beginning of WEEK 2
    Having spent the first week watching tutorials on youtube about react to learn the basics I feel as though I have gained an understanding of the basics, though having knowledge
of CSS, HTML, and JavaScript beforehand definitely helped. I now intend to learn using a project I found online hoping it proves to be useful. The tutorial itself advertises the 
fact that it is meant to teach through projects which I personally believe to be a more efficient way of learning especially since the information will be easier to retain if I 
have some experience with it. Throughout the next week I will also clean up this log and repository making it much nicer and easier to navigate as currently the log is not very
clear.

Link to tutorial: https://react.dev/learn/tutorial-tic-tac-toe

End of Week 3
    I spent the whole of week 3 completing my very first tic tac toe project and believe a have a much more solid understanding of the basics and the benefits of react. As for
my thoughts on this project I personally thought it was extremely useful and the tutorial was very detailed and explained every part very well. At first, I was following it 
quite well however towards the end I did get stuck a lot more often and was often confused, thankfully after a while I managed to understand it in the end and even improved
upon the project past the tutorial.

Beginning of Week 4
    After, doing a project I have recently decided to stick on the path of projects of learning as it makes it more interesting and hands on experience makes it more likely
I remember what I am learning. I could also always go back and look at my projects if I've forgotten a certain concept. I plan on hopefully spending this week remaking my News 
Article from Assignment 1 into React as a form of showing how much progress I've made. I do believe I will definitely struggle but I think it is something I will be able to do
with some time. I plan on creating my learners guide during week 6 when I have the most knowledge about React as currently I don't think I could or should make a guide when I
too am very much a beginner. As for the collaborative project I hope to start once I've finished my current project. If all goes to plan I will be start around week 5.

Beginning of Week 5
    I am nearly done with remaking the news article from assignment 1, it has unfortunately taken longer than I expected due to a small misunderstanding in react code and 
Eid celebrations. However, I expect to finish it within the week and start the collaborative project. I have talked to fellow coursemate Jin and together we have decided
to build a calculator project. We expect to start it once I finish my current project and we decide how to split the work.

Week 6
    Over the past week and a half I have finished both the news article and the collaborative project. As for feedback on the News Article I couldn't implement one feature of
my website which was comments as since I was mainly adapting code into react and rewriting small to medium sized sections there was no way I could implement it without rewriting
a large chunk of code. I am however still content as I have recreated an old website of mine in 2 weeks which previously took a month and in a new language at that. I now 
intend on spending the last few days just tidying up my log and creating a guide for other learners.
